annot: boil potatoes and sweet potatoes in a pot
ACTID: 0
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] potatoes (-1), sweet potatoes (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: Add the minced beef to pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the minced beef (-1)
[PP, location, to] pan (-1)
annot: cook while stirring
ACTID: 2
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (1)
annot: Add the chopped onion to the pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the chopped onion (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (2)
annot: Add chopped carrot to the pan
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chopped carrot (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (3)
annot: Add chopped courgette, sweet corn and green beans
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chopped courgette (-1), sweet corn (-1), green beans (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Add mixed herbs as well
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] mixed herbs (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: Add 300 ml water to the pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 300 ml water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (6)
annot: simmer
ACTID: 8
PRED: simmer
[DOBJ, food] (7)
annot: mash the potatoes and sweet potatoes
ACTID: 9
PRED: mash
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (0), sweet potatoes (0)
annot: season them with salt and pepper
ACTID: 10
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] them (9)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: Combine the potato mix and the beef in a grill pan
ACTID: 11
PRED: combine
[DOBJ, food] the potato mix (10), the beef (8)
[PP, location,  in] a grill pan (-1)
annot: Bake it in the grill
ACTID: 12
PRED: bake
[DOBJ, food] it (11)
[PP, location, in] the grill (-1)
annot: Take it out to serve
ACTID: 13
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] it (12)